## Problem Statement #
Given a string with lowercase letters only, if you are allowed to replace no more than ‘k’ letters with any letter, find the length of the longest substring having the same letters after replacement.

Solution #
This problem follows the Sliding Window pattern, and we can use a similar dynamic sliding window strategy as discussed in No-repeat Substring. We can use a HashMap to count the frequency of each letter.

We’ll iterate through the string to add one letter at a time in the window.
We’ll also keep track of the count of the maximum repeating letter in any window (let’s call it maxRepeatLetterCount).
So, at any time, we know that we can have a window which has one letter repeating maxRepeatLetterCount times; this means we should try to replace the remaining letters.
If we have more than ‘k’ remaining letters, we should shrink the window as we are not allowed to replace more than ‘k’ letters.
While shrinking the window, we don’t need to update maxRepeatLetterCount (which makes it global count; hence, it is the maximum count for ANY window). Why don’t we need to update this count when we shrink the window? The answer: In any window, since we have to replace all the remaining letters to get the longest substring having the same letter, we can’t get a better answer from any other window even though all occurrences of the letter with frequency maxRepeatLetterCount is not in the current window

```Python
def find_permutation(str1, pattern):
  window_start, matched = 0, 0
  char_frequency = {}

  for chr in pattern:
    if chr not in char_frequency:
      char_frequency[chr] = 0
    char_frequency[chr] += 1

  # our goal is to match all the characters from the 'char_frequency' with the current window
  # try to extend the range [window_start, window_end]
  for window_end in range(len(str1)):
    right_char = str1[window_end]
    if right_char in char_frequency: 
      # decrement the frequency of matched character
      char_frequency[right_char] -= 1
      if char_frequency[right_char] == 0:
        matched += 1

    if matched == len(char_frequency):
      return True

    # shrink the window by one character
    if window_end >= len(pattern) - 1:
      left_char = str1[window_start]
      window_start += 1
      if left_char in char_frequency:
        if char_frequency[left_char] == 0:
          matched -= 1
        char_frequency[left_char] += 1

  return False


def main():
  print('Permutation exist: ' + str(find_permutation("oidbcaf", "abc")))
  print('Permutation exist: ' + str(find_permutation("odicf", "dc")))
  print('Permutation exist: ' + str(find_permutation("bcdxabcdy", "bcdyabcdx")))
  print('Permutation exist: ' + str(find_permutation("aaacb", "abc")))


main()

```

### Time Complexity #
The above algorithm’s time complexity will be O(N)O(N), where ‘N’ is the number of letters in the input string.

### Space Complexity #
As we expect only the lower case letters in the input string, we can conclude that the space complexity will be O(26)O(26) to store each letter’s frequency in the HashMap, which is asymptotically equal to O(1)O(1).
